Update adding-locally-hosted-code-to-github.md (#19985)
github/docs: content/get-started/importing-your-projects-to-github/importing-source-code-to-github/adding-locally-hosted-code-to-github.md

{% data reusables.command_line.open_the_multi_os_terminal %}
3. Change the current working directory to your local project.

> 4. Initialize the local directory as a Git repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Use the `init` command to initialize the local directory as a Git repository. By default, the initial branch is called `master`.
```

   
   {% warning %}

    **Warning:**  `-b <branch-name>` flag in following command does not work with git version below *2.28.0*. Use same or above

   {% endwarning %}

>    

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      If you’re using Git 2.28.0 or a later version, you can set the name of the default branch using `-b`.
```

>    
>    {% warning %}
> 
>     **Warning:**  `-b <branch-name>` flag in following command does not work with git version below *2.28.0*. Use same or above
> 
>    {% endwarning %}
>    

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If you’re using Git 2.28.0 or a later version, you can set the name of the default branch using `-b`.   
```

  ```shell
  $ git init -b main

>   ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you’re using Git 2.27.1 or an earlier version, you can set the name of the default branch using  `&& git branch -m`.
  ```shell
  $ git init && git branch -m main
  ```
```

>   ```

Reviewer: If you’re using Git 2.27.1 or an earlier version, you can set the name of the default branch using  `&& git branch -m`.
  ```shell
  $ git init && git branch -m main
  ```

> 4. Initialize the local directory as a Git repository.
>    
>    {% warning %}
> 
>     **Warning:**  `-b <branch-name>` flag in following command does not work with git version below *2.28.0*. Use same or above
> 
>    {% endwarning %}
>    
>   ```shell
>   $ git init -b main
>   ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Use the `init` command to initialize the local directory as a Git repository. By default, the initial branch is called `master`.
   If you’re using Git 2.28.0 or a later version, you can set the name of the default branch using `-b`.
  ``` shell
  $ git init -b main
  ```
   If you’re using Git 2.27.1 or an earlier version, you can set the name of the default branch using  `&& git branch -m`.
  ``` shell
  $ git init && git branch -m main
  ```
```

{% data reusables.command_line.open_the_multi_os_terminal %}
3. Change the current working directory to your local project.

> 4. Initialize the local directory as a Git repository.
> 
>    {% warning %}
> 
>     **Warning:**  `-b <branch-name>` flag in following command does not work with git version below *2.28.0*. Use same or above
> 
>    {% endwarning %}
>    

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Use the `init` command to initialize the local directory as a Git repository. By default, the initial branch is called `master`.
   If you’re using Git 2.28.0 or a later version, you can set the name of the default branch using `-b`.
  ``` shell
  $ git init -b main
  ```
   If you’re using Git 2.27.1 or an earlier version, you can set the name of the default branch using  `&& git branch -m`.
  ``` shell
  $ git init && git branch -m main
  ```
```

{% data reusables.command_line.open_the_multi_os_terminal %}
3. Change the current working directory to your local project.

> 4. Initialize the local directory as a Git repository.
>    
>    {% warning %}
> 
>     **Warning:**  `-b <branch-name>` flag in following command does not work with git version below *2.28.0*. Use same or above
> 
>    {% endwarning %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Use the `init` command to initialize the local directory as a Git repository. By default, the initial branch is called `master`.
   If you’re using Git 2.28.0 or a later version, you can set the name of the default branch using `-b`.
  ``` shell
  $ git init -b main
  ```
   If you’re using Git 2.27.1 or an earlier version, you can set the name of the default branch using  `&& git branch -m`.
  ``` shell
  $ git init && git branch -m main
  ```
```
